Are you a hard-working student?
Are you into any sports?
Are you scared of any animals?
Are you scared of dying? Why?
Are you scared of ghosts?
Are you still a virgin?

Can you lick your elbow?
Can you see yourself being married to the creepiest kid a your school someday?
Can you speak a different language?
Can you touch your tongue to your nose?
Can you use a pogo stick?
Could you go a week without junk food?
Could you go two months without talking to your friends?

Describe the weirdest dream you've ever had?
Describe the weirdest dream you’ve ever had?
Describe your most recent dream that you recall.
Describe your most recent romantic encounter.
Describe your worst kiss ever.

Do you believe in love at all?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Do you ever talk to yourself in the mirror?
Do you have a hidden talent? What is it?
Do you have a job? If so, what is your favourite thing about it?
Do you have an imaginary friend?
Do you have any phobias?
Do you have any unusual talents?
Do you know how to cook?
Do you know how to dance?
Do you like doing chores?
Do you like to exercise?
Do you message people during your classes?
Do you prefer apple or android?
Do you sing in the shower? What song did you sing the last time?
Do you think you will marry your bf/gf? If not, why not?

Explain to the person you like least in this group why you like them the least.
Have you been in any fights while in school?
Have you ever been kissed yet? If so, who was your best kiss?
Have you ever bitten a toenail?
Have you ever blamed a fart on an animal?
Have you ever blamed something that you have done on one of your siblings?
Have you ever cheated on a test?
Have you ever cheated or been cheated on?
Have you ever climbed a tree?
Have you ever crapped your pants since you were a child?
Have you ever eaten food that you've dropped on the ground? If so, how long was it on the ground?
Have you ever fallen asleep during a class?
Have you ever had a crush on a teacher?
Have you ever had a crush on someone that your best friend has dated?
Have you ever had someone write an assignment or a work for you?
Have you ever kissed an animal?
Have you ever let someone take the blame for something you did?
Have you ever lied to your best friend?
Have you ever lied to your parents about if you were in classes or not?
Have you ever lied to your parents about what you were doing after school?
Have you ever peed in a pool?
Have you ever picked your nose in public?
Have you ever posted something on the internet/social media that you regret?
Have you ever pulled a prank on one of your teachers?
Have you ever received a love letter?
Have you ever ridden the bus without paying the fare?
Have you ever stolen something of value worth more than $10?
Have you ever stolen something?
Have you ever taken money from your roommate?
Have you ever taken money that didn't belong to you?
Have you ever thrown a party at your house?
Have you ever told a lie during a game of Truth or Dare? What was it and why?
Have you ever told one of your best friend's secrets, even if you said you wouldn't?
Have you ever used someone else's password?
Have you ever watched an adult film without your parents knowing?
Have you ever worn the same clothes for more than three days?

How do you feel about end pieces of a loaf of bread?
How do you feel about social media?
How far would you go to land the guy or girl of your dreams?
How many boyfriends (or girlfriends) have you had?
How many days could you go without your partner?
How many kids would you like to have?
How many siblings do you have?
How many times have you skipped class for no reason?
How old were you when your parents sat you down for "the talk" and what did they say (or not say) about "the birds and the bees"?
How soon did you realize that you were in love with your partner?
How soon did/do you want start a family?
How was your first kiss?

If there was no such thing as money, what would you do with your life?
If you could be a superhero; what would your power be?
If you could be any animal, which one would you be?
If you could be any dinosaur; which would it be?
If you could be any super villain; who would you be?
If you could change one thing on your body, what would it be?
If you could dye your hair any colour, what colour would you pick?
If you could erase one past experience, what would it be?
If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go?
If you could make one wish right this second, what would it be?
If you could only hear one song for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you could own your own business one day, what would it be?
If you could own your own business one day; what would it be?
If you could switch lives with any celebrity for a day, who would it be?
If you could take away one bad thing in the world, what would it be?
If you could, what would you change about your life?
If you had never met your partner, where do you think you would be?
If you had the choice to live on your own right now, would you do it?
If you have ever cheated, why did you do it?
If you suddenly had a million dollars; what would you do with all of your money?
If you were a billionaire, what would you spend your time doing?
If you were rescuing everyone here from a burning building, but you had to leave one behind, who would it be?
If you were to be stuck on a deserted island, which friend would you want with you?
If you were to be trapped on an island for 3 days, what would you take with you?

Of the people in this group, who are you the most jealous of?
Of the people in this group, who do you disagree with most frequently?
Of the people in this group, who do you most want to switch lives with and why?
Of the people in this group, who would you feel most comfortable with naked?

Talk about about the last time someone unexpectedly walked in on you while you were naked.
Talk about about your most awkward date.
Talk about the best vacation you've ever been on?
Tell us about your most embarrassing vomit story.
Tell us about your your first kiss.

What are the three qualities you feel are most important in a friend?
What are you most self-conscious about?
What are your must have future wife/husband qualities.
What are your three favourite colours, and why?

What do most of your friends think about you that is totally untrue?
What do you daydream about the most?
What do you do when you are alone at home?
What do you like most and least about your own appearance?
What do you like most and least about your personality?
What do you really hope your parents never find out about you?
What do you think is your biggest fear?
What do you think is your biggest flaw?
What do you think is your biggest insecurity?
What do you think is your biggest strength?
What do you think is your biggest weakness?

What is one embarrassing fact about you?
What is one lie your partner/best friend tells everyone else, but you know the truth?
What is one misconception about you?
What is one thing that you've always wanted to do?
What is one thing you wish people knew about you?

What is something childish that you still do?
What is something that people think you would never do but you have?
What is something that you have never told anyone?
What is something you're glad your parents don't know about you?
What is something you’ve done to try to be 'cooler'?

What is the biggest lie you've ever told without getting caught?
What is the biggest romantic fail you've ever experienced?
What is the biggest secret you've ever kept from your parents?
What is the craziest thing that you have ever done without your parents knowing?
What is the craziest thing you've ever done to attract a crush?
What is the cruelest thing you've ever done to a friend?
What is the first thing you'd do if you woke up one day and you were the opposite sex?
What is the longest that you have ever been without taking a shower?
What is the longest time that you think you could go without the internet?
What is the longest time that you think you could go without your smartphone?
What is the longest time you have ever been grounded?
What is the longest you have gone without sleep?
What is the meanest thing you've ever said to someone?
What is the most annoying thing that your siblings do?
What is the most awkward experience you've had with a crush?
What is the most childish thing you still do?
What is the most disgusting habit of yours?
What is the most disgusting thing you've ever done?
What is the most embarrassing moment in your life?
What is the most embarrassing nickname you have ever had?
What is the most embarrassing photo you have on your phone?
What is the most embarrassing thing in your web browser history (Assume you've never had Incognito mode on.)?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have put up on social media?
What is the most embarrassing thing your parents have caught you doing?
What is the most evilest thing you've ever done?
What is the most expensive thing you have stolen?
What is the most expensive thing you own?
What is the most flirtatious thing you've ever done?
What is the most useless piece of knowledge you know?
What is the silliest thing you have an emotional attachment to?
What is the stupidest thing that you've done in front of a crowd?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever done?
What is the weirdest thing that your parents have caught you doing?
What is the weirdest thing you've done when you were alone?
What is the weirdest thing you've ever done in front of the mirror?

What is your best talent?
What is your biggest fantasy?
What is your biggest fear in a relationship?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
What is your biggest regret?
What is your biggest turn off in a partner?
What is your deepest darkest fear?
What is your dream job?
What is your dream wedding?
What is your favourite TV show?
What is your favourite animal?
What is your favourite game to play?
What is your favourite holiday and why?
What is your favourite kind of clothing?
What is your favourite movie?
What is your favourite place to go out to eat?
What is your favourite school subject?
What is your favourite season of the year?
What is your favourite song that is out right now?
What is your favourite song?
What is your favourite sport?
What is your favourite sports team?
What is your favourite thing about your partner?
What is your favourite thing to do after school?
What is your favourite thing to do on the weekends?
What is your favourite vegetable?
What is your favourite way of getting attention from the opposite sex?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What is your partner's most annoying habit?
What is your real GPA?
What is your shoe size?
What is your weirdest habit?

What was the best day of your life?
What was the biggest mistake of your life?
What was the cruelest joke you ever played on someone?
What was the last lie that you told your best friend?
What was the last thing you ate?
What was the most awkward romantic encounter you have had?
What was the strangest dream you have ever had?
What was the worst encounter you had with a police officer?

What was your childhood ambition?
What was your childhood nickname?
What was your first impression of your partner?
What was your funniest first date ever?
What was your partner's childhood nickname?
What was your scariest nightmare?

What would you do if you were invisible for a day?
What would you do if you were the opposite sex for a month?
What would you do if your parents left the house to you for a whole week?

When did you learn how to ride a bike?
When was the last time you cried?
When was the last time you picked your nose without a tissue?
When was the last time you shit yourself?
When was the last time you were flat-out rejected and how did you handle it?
When was the last time you wet the bed?
When was the most inappropriate time you farted?

Where is the strangest place you have peed?
Where was your first kiss?
Which celebrity would you like to a date?

Who do you admire the most?
Who do you think you act more like, your father or your mother?
Who have you loved but they didn't love you back?
Who here knows something about you that you wouldn't want revealed?
Who is most important to you?
Who is the best roommate that you have ever had?
Who is the most annoying person you know?
Who is the person you most regret kissing?
Who is the person you're in love with?
Who is the worst teacher you have ever had, why?
Who is the worst teacher you have ever had; why?

Who is your best friend?
Who is your best looking teacher that you have ever had?
Who is your crush at school?
Who is your favourite Disney character?
Who is your favourite friend?
Who is your favourite in-law?
Who is your favourite person and why?
Who is your favourite singer?
Who is your favourite teacher, and why?
Who is your least favourite in-law?

Who is/was your celebrity crush?
Who taught you how to tie your shoes?
Would you drop out of school if you were to win the lottery?
Would you ever consider being a nudist?
Would you ever get on a dating website?
Would you leave your partner if it meant that you would be very rich?
Would your partner trade you for a million dollars?

What personality trait does you least like about your partner/best friend?
What prejudice do you secretly harbour?
What celebrity are you obsessed with?
What country would like to live in if you had the chance?
What app on your phone do you waste the most time on?
What secret about yourself did you tell someone in confidence and then they told a lot of other people?
What terrible thing have you done that you lied to cover up?
Your house is burning down and you have to get out fast. You can take one thing with you, what would it be?