Act like a monkey and record a video of it.
Act like you do not understand human language until your next turn (come up with your own language).
Act like your favourite Disney character for the rest of the game.

Close your eyes and send a blind text to a random person.
Compose a poem on the spot based on something the group comes up with.

Everything you say for the next 5 minutes has to rhyme.
Everything you say for the next 5 minutes must not contain the words: 'but', 'a', 'the', 'or'

Make a freestyle rap song about each person in the group
Make a poem using the words 'orange' and 'moose'.
Make a poem using the words 'pineapple' and 'apple'.
Make a poem using the words 'goose' and 'peanuts'.
Make up a poem about the colour blue.
Make up a story about a random person in the group.

Post 'I love English!' on a social media.

Record a video of you dancing, but without music.
Record a video of you playing the air drums to a song of your choice.
Record a video of you playing the air guitar to a song of your choice.
Record an impression of your favourite celebrity.
Record an impression of your favourite animal.
Record your best evil laugh; as loud as you can.
Record your best president impression.
Record yourself saying the alphabet backwards.
Record yourself singing "Twinkle Twinkle, Little Star" while beat boxing.
Record yourself singing the alphabet without moving your mouth.
Record yourself talking about your favourite food in a russian accent.

Say "ya heard meh" after everything you say for the next 5 minutes.
Say "you know what am sayin" after everything you say for the next 5 minutes.

Text someone asking them if they believe in aliens, send a screenshot of the conversation.
Send an email to one of your teachers, telling them about how your day is going and take a screenshot.
Send an unsolicited text message to one of your friends, telling them about how your day is going and take a screenshot.
Send the last photo you took with your phone camera.
Send the last screenshot you took on your phone.
Send the most embarrassing photo on your phone.
Send the oldest selfie on your phone.
Send a screenshot of your most recent google search history.
Send a selfie of you making a funny face.

Set your phone language to Chinese for the next 10 minutes.
Show the last three people you texted and what the messages said.

Text your crush and tell them how much you like them.
Use the letters of the name of another player to describe them (ex. SAM : S = Silly ; A = Attractive ; M = Merry)
Yell out the first word that comes to your mind, and record it.